README.md, before:

# Code Story - FooBarQix - http://www.code-story.net

* Entry by Youri Bonnaffé
* Usage: mvn exec:java

## Hey Devoxx is 75% french, write some french please!

No, code is to be written in English. You can't read English, you can't code (or at least you'll miss most of the resources available out there).

## Java is dead, isn't it? (alternative: Java is the new Cobol)

I don't think so and by the way you said that the live coding at Devoxx will probably be in Java, so I guess I picked the right language. Main advantage is that most of the developers can read Java so it is just simpler. I might write a Groovy version to see how it compares, especially since the exercise is well suited for a scripting language.

## Maven for a single file main, seriously? (I'm downloading the internet thanks to you!)

At least you understand the project structure, tests are where you expect them to be.

## Default package, did you ever read Java style guide?

Navigation in packages on Github is so painful so this is just a way of simplifying it. Yeah, yeah on real life I'll put real package names.

## No streams, what about abstractions?

YAGNI, KISS, blahblah. Just to print something String works too.

## And objects then?

No state, no needs for objects

## At least I hope you applied TDD...

That's what I tried, but TDD by the book (going as far as running the tests with compilation errors) just feels slow, especially on simple problems that can fit in your head. Since I had examples and precise specifications, I started by writing them as acceptance tests. Then I wrote the code, made the tests pass and wrote more tests.

## What about awesomeness?

Isn't working code awesome?

Commit message:

final review for Java code, improve readibility with static imports

README.md, after:

# Code Story - FooBarQix - http://www.code-story.net

* Entry by Youri Bonnaffé
* Usage: mvn exec:java

## Hey Devoxx is 75% french, write some french please!

No, code is to be written in English. You can't read English, you can't code (or at least you'll miss most of the resources available out there).

## Java is dead, isn't it? (alternative: Java is the new Cobol)

I don't think so and by the way you said that the live coding at Devoxx will probably be in Java, so I guess I picked the right language (and the one I know the most too...). Main advantage is that most of the developers can read Java so it is just simpler. I might write a Groovy version to see how it compares, especially since the exercise is well suited for a scripting language.

## Maven for a single file main, seriously? (I'm downloading the internet thanks to you!)

At least you understand the project structure, tests are where you expect them to be.

## Your package's name looks weird, did you ever read Java style guide?

Navigation in packages on Github is so painful so this is just a way of simplifying it. Yeah, yeah on real life I'll put real package names.

## No streams, what about abstractions?

YAGNI, KISS, blahblah. Just to print something String works too.

## And objects then?

No state, no needs for objects

## At least I hope you applied TDD...

That's what I tried, but TDD by the book (going as far as running the tests with compilation errors) just feels slow, especially on simple problems that can fit in your head. Since I had examples and precise specifications, I started by writing them as acceptance tests. Then I wrote the code, made the tests pass and wrote more tests.

## What about awesomeness?

Isn't working code awesome?

## Why you?

Actually coding the exercise felt a bid sad and not that compelling mostly because I was doing it on my own. I'm eager to join you guys to work on some code! And yes I'm willing to do it in the eden space pool!
